`Development`: Add documentation for lecture unit processing (#7310)
ls1intum/Artemis: docs/user/lectures.rst

Instructors have three options for creating a lecture.

    1. Create a new lecture from scratch by clicking on |create-lecture-btn|.
    Lectures consist of a title, a description, optionally a start and end date, and the selection of automatic unit processing.

        |create-lecture|

    If instructors decide to process units automatically by clicking on the |process-units-checkbox| checkbox, additional information will be displayed
    and they can click on |process-units-btn| to process the lecture PDF into multiple units.

       |create-lecture-automatic-unit-processing|

>     Once the units are processed, instructors can view how the units are split (start page and end page). A name is automatically generated for each lecture unit. Instructors

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Once the units are processed, instructors can view how the units are split, beginning from a start page to an end page. A name is automatically generated for each lecture unit. Instructors
```
I just try to avoid parentheses :)

>     can also customize the table entries by removing or adding new units. Additionally, they can type keywords if they want particular slides
>     to be removed, and slides containing the key word will be removed.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    can also customize the table entries by removing or adding new units. Additionally, they can enter keywords if they want particular slides
    to be removed. Slides containing the keyword will be removed.
```

>     to be removed. Slides containing the keyword will be removed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    to be removed. Slides containing one of the comma-separated keywords will be removed.
```
